docs/0-requirements.md, before:

# Project Requirements

## Identified Problem or Need

At Navy Cadets each week we have certian 'parade roles' that need to be fufilled. The problem is that it is quite difficult to:
- Track who has done what so roles can be allocated / chosen by people fairly
- Let everyone know if there's a special role that needs to be done this week
- Quickly know who is doing what this current week


## End-User Requirements

The end users for this website would be everyone that attends the local Navy Cadet unit. This can be split into two main categories of end users, each with different expectations and requirements of the site:

**Junior Rates**

- Have an indivudual login
- Expect an easy and obvious to use interface that showing which roles are free or taken (and who by) for the current and next week
- Need a way to easily accept a role for the current or next week
- Can see their stats over the past term i.e. how many times they've done each role

**Seniors Rates and Officers**

- Have an indivudual login (with admin privelages associated)
- The interface doesn't have to be basic or obvious but they do expect it to be straightforward and uncluttered
- All of the above requirements for junior rates PLUS:
- The ability to see a chart / graph / figure of some kind showing who is 'pulling their load' over the term with respect to accepting roles
- The ability to assign people roles


## Proposed Solution

Replace this text with a brief statement about the system that you intend to create, including the key functionality it should have.


---

# Relevant Implications

## NAME OF IMPLICATION 1

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 2

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 3

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 4

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 5

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.


---

# User Experience (UX) Principles

## NAME OF UX PRINCIPLE 1

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the principle means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the principle is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this principle.


## NAME OF UX PRINCIPLE 2

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the principle means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the principle is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this principle.


## NAME OF UX PRINCIPLE 3

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the principle means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the principle is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this principle.

Commit message:

Updated Readme, requirements, and prototype

docs/0-requirements.md, after:

# Project Requirements

## Identified Problem or Need

At Navy Cadets each week we have certian parade roles (e.g. parade commander, quartermaster, bosun's mate) that need to be fulfilled. Every week, the roles are the same, but should ideally be taken by different people so that each role's work is spread roughly equally across the unit over the course of a term. People can volunteer for a role, however if no-one has put themselves forward for a role by Monday (we parade on Tuesday), then that role gets allocated to someone.

Currently, this process of volunteering / allocating involves long-winded WhatsApp message chains to figure out who wants to do what. In order to distribute the roles fairly, we rely on people remembering how many times they've done each role recently - and unfortunately, people's memories aren't quite as reliable as we need.

The problem we have is that it's quite difficult:
- To quickly know who is doing what this current week
- For people to volunteer for a role
- For senior rates / officers to allocate someone a role
- To track how many often each person has done each role


## End-User Requirements

The end users for this website would be everyone that attends the local Navy Cadet unit. This can be split into two main categories of end users, each with different expectations and requirements of the site:

**Junior Rates**

- Have an individual login
- Expect an obvious and easy-to-use interface that showing which roles are free or taken (and who by) for the current and next week. This interface will mostly be used on mobile phones but must still be desktop compatible
- Need a way to easily accept a role for the current or next week
- Need an obvious way to see if when they've been allocated a role
- Can see their stats over the past term i.e. how many times they've done each role

**Seniors Rates and Officers**

- All of the above needs for Junior rates (everyone does parade roles, not just junior rates), plus:
- The ability to see a chart / graph / figure of some kind showing who is 'pulling their load' over the term with respect to fulfilling roles
- The ability to assign people roles


## Proposed Solution

A database-driven web application that meets the above needs by having:
- A user account login system. This will be linked up to the database, which records when each person has done each role
- Two simple main interfaces for everyone:
    - One showing all the parade roles for this and next week, along with who has taken this role. If no-one has taken that role, there should be a button for the logged-in user to volunteer for that role.
    - Another showing that user's statistics over the past 10 weeks - how many times they have done each role.
- An aditional interface for senior rates and officers, showing a unit-wide overview of who is 'pulling their load' in regard to doing each role
- Some way for senior rates and officers to allocate an untaken role to someone.


---

# Relevant Implications

## NAME OF IMPLICATION 1

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 2

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 3

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 4

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.



## NAME OF IMPLICATION 5

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the implication means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the implication is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this implication.


---

# User Experience (UX) Principles

## NAME OF UX PRINCIPLE 1

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the principle means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the principle is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this principle.


## NAME OF UX PRINCIPLE 2

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the principle means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the principle is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this principle.


## NAME OF UX PRINCIPLE 3

Replace this text with a clear explanation of what the principle means.

### Relevance to the System

Replace this text with an explanation of why the principle is relevant to this particular project.

### Impact / Considerations

Replace this text with an explanation of what you will need to consider moving forward and how the project will be impacted by this principle.
